Assignment 5 Requirement 3:
BUG-REPORTS:
Bugs found in teammate code
Bug 1 description: Extra card draw for currentPlayer in smithyCard() function

The effect of the smithy card is refactored from the original class repository, 
moving the code into a new function smithyCard(). I ran my original build target 
“unittestsall” to execute unit tests. The output for tests of the smithy card, 
tested by cardtest1, were unexpected. For comparison, I ran the same cardtest1 
unit test against my own version of dominion.c, which verified at least one of 
the differences is the test I defined for Condition 1, “3 additional cards are 
added to currentPlayer hand.”

To identify the bug, I first tried reading through the heinemam smithyCard 
function, but did not see any error. I then ran cardtest1 in gdb with 
breakpoints set just before and after the call to the cardEffect function. This 
helped me verify the handCount for currentPlayer was incorrect after returning 
from the call to cardEffect. Where 3 cards were expected to be added to 
currentPlayer hand, instead 4 cards had been added. I re-ran cardTest1, this 
time stepping through execution after the first breakpoint. As execution moved 
through the for loop which calls drawCard, I was able to see this was happening 
4 times instead of 3. The cause was then apparent, that the developer had 
changed the for loop condition on line 1176. Where it should be:

    for (i = 0; i < 3; i++)

It has been changed to:

    for (i = 0; i <= 3; i++)


Bug 2 description: Extra treasure card drawn for currentPlayer in 
adventurerCard() function

The effect of the adventurer card is refactored from the original class 
repository, moving the code into a new function adventurerCard(). I ran my 
original build target “unittestsall” to execute unit tests. The output for tests 
of the adventurer card, tested by cardtest2, were unexpected. For comparison, I 
ran the same cardtest2 unit test against my own version of dominion.c, which 
verified at least one of the differences is the test I defined for Condition 1, 
“currentPlayer handCount should have increased by 2.”

A quick visual inspection of the adventurerCard() code reveals the likely cause 
to be a modification to the condition for the while loop testing the value for 
drawntreasure. Line 1151 should read:

    while(drawntreasure<2)

Instead, this line reads:

    while(drawntreasure<=2)
